hi so I'm talking about getting bangs
for bit now since my hair is getting
longer but I haven't really found any
place I want to get my yard on that I
gonna do it myself I'm documenting this
so that if it goes bad leg left myself
later or not or cry I don't know it'll
kraut show ya fine how much hair i want
to make we dig into banks the bangs will
end like about okay let's see like their
ish here ish this is I dream of class
myclass they're still on i can't see
that my glasses this isn't it this is
why I should probably purchase some
contacts cuz mine early you know not
really important at all kind of kind of
the friend girl good idea hair look how
long this is just creepily long okay so
as told I'm like I should start like in
the middle ish here goes nothing
um what happened it means we're in a
long time but this doesn't look how bad
yet yet they're definitely getting
longer towards the sides that doesn't
bother me too much actually so uneven
okay well clever mama said I was perfect
fuck I'm hair every oh my wah wah that
is just gross and just just guys doing
well wait till horrible on one side I
just popped out of the shower and
thought hey let's fuck with our hair
today cool this is before you that
something somebody's I'm have to help me
to even these out later look I'm not
that bad mean could be worse games on
the sink ask me one fucking rat tail
later we're like zooey deschanel yet bad
at all
mission accomplished